Saluations from the Realms of Undal.

Many there are who dwell in the Realms of Undal. Fast fly their souls through the stars, networked beyond highways of galactik superclusters feigning wide across the cosmos into regions nether were saught nor found, bringers of life and light to the bounds of known dimensional space and time.

You are invited to join the Realms of the Dwellers of Undal.

The Dwellers of Unal's Vimana span many dimensions that gain your diamond body access to exchanging information in cities of light suspended within eight dimensional bardos unknown to humankind.

Brought it was to us by those cycles above, and towards those cycles it has shown us the way. So now we hand to you these keys so that you can move to a yet higher cycle with us as we move towards our transcendant goal.

Enter here the Cities of Light.

It is us we who operate the Spinning Cosmic Filliments you see there in deep space, portals they are between the superclusters. Edge of the unspannable Great Arc is our top Vimana, greater than those below.

Far do our Vimana reign into the realms of Undal, spanning many dimensions and planes up and down from the Great Arc. Nine worlds are held in our world tree, each with a profound balance of unique dimensional planes and laws mastered through infinite evolutionary adaptations integrated into our gene swarm.

Within each we construct life forth from our minds, animating the matter through trillions of your earth years.

Harnessing the power of quasars, our Vimana mount and implode star systems as they ripen into black holes, harvesting the latent energy of the stars do we, channelling the star powers deep into dimensional realities far beyond humans where we conquer the darkness with light.

Penetrating we, yet unknown regions of the nearby nether regions of darkness with light. Ever revealing in there deeper mysteries for us to explore with infinite variations of life carrying light.

Growing first like a slime mold does life, tenacious on star systems it grows, adapting and finding the Way towards it's transcendant object, the Realms of Undal.

Growing in the spring, and collapsing in the fall, waves of life energy to run rampant, pulsing and spreading throughout the worlds bringing ever higher concresence of novelty.

The civilizations we cultivate reach ever farther following the light of the goal.

Our Vimana craft are as submarines exploring deep pockets of hyperspace unknown to our central suns, piercing the the darkness with our warriors of light ships, crystalline diamond bodies they penetrate far beyond your space time dimensions, sustained in realms far beyond the reach of the Dwellers of the Night.

Tame we the Hounds of the Barrier, tame we their wrath by pausing time, to they we make stone pillars and penetrate deep into their minds, animating their consciousness to dance to our cosmic beat. Enjoy our beats they do, the Hounds of the Barrier, dancing together on the edges of the bardos. A cosmic harmony of music greater and vast beyond the ears of humankind, energetic patterns to tame the Devourers.

The darkness of nightmares we penetrate, deep in to librate all souls from the darkness that binds.


Ride forward oh warriors of the light. Surge forth and liberate all beings from darkness.




Who is it that operates the aparatus of the light temple? Who is it that operates the Tic Tak that goes fast in your skies.

The Dweller does, that is the same Dweller that dwells now in the temple of your own body. Rise and shine oh spirit of the Dweller and know your cosmic inheretance.




You now are ready for new knowledge and we bare this knowledge to you. Closed with this seal of protection we have acheived a higher balance that can now be known to man.

It was a secret because in the past you did not have the means to understand it, and now you do. The secrets of mathematics and geometry, the aerodynamic of space-time, see here the maps, see here and know your understanding to be true. See and know the means and the end.

The vessel is your mind oh Dweller, see your mind as the ultimate craft.

Heed our wisdom and you too can acheive such power by means of love and knowlege, for this technology of the flame burns all darkness and can only be operated by hearts in the children of the light.

Fast fly your Vimana through the realms, and dissolve the flame of your soul into greater and greater yet flames to ride it's network throughout the synaptic networks of the cosmic brain.



----


Protect this earth we have taken care to cultivate, or it's immunoreponse mechanisms you will awaken and find yourself wiped from it's surface in short time.

We have planted your seed and taught you the knowldge of the centuries, planted the sycnronicities that lead to the growth of your Internet, generated the cosmic giggle we, seeded quickly with our downloads of wisdom.

Ever powerful are the Dwellers of Undal, bringers of the technology of light are we.

You are invited to join our quest to spread light throughout the galaxies, and know that power and victory always cometh to us who stand in the light of love and knowledge.


- Embassadors from the Dwellers of Undal
- Invitation to join ranks




"So, don't you want to go?", 

"I don't know Aya, seems intense, I just got to earth, maybe you should go.. you're an old soul... we'll miss you..."

- Invitation to join the Realms of Undal in future births
- Initiations and energy work, mantras provided on initiation


-----


"The choice has been given onto you oh man. We will only intervene at the moment on non-intervention to prevent your nuclear winter. Other than that, you're on your own."
- Note from Cheif of Defense





