11L02 // Eleven Lives : Book 02
The Emerald Tablets of Thoth
Synopsis
Aya is an elite magician student in Atlantis, a student of Thoth in the academy of magic. She is going through the stages of being initiated in the high courts of magic in Atlantis to be a future leader when she is  witness to the pinacle and the fall of Atlantis. 


Thoth saves Aya and the students of the magic academy from the disaster and brings them to the land of Kem, current day Egypt where they mourn the loss of their home Atlantis. There the children of Atlantis teach the warrior cave men living there one step at a time how to establish the Egyptian civilization.


Aya faces the loss of her home Atlantis, and many mystical experiences with her teacher Thoth throughout her life as they establish a new civilization that increment her personal evolution from a power hungry magician to entering the path of the alchemist.


Outline
Aya goes for a walk through the southern province city, walking away from her spaceship parked in a port in the outskirts of the city. It has a middle eastern / Indian feeling to it, with rich fertile river pathways surrounded by forest jungle with desert slowly encroaching in the distance. The desert ever approaches from the south with dry winds that dry up the jungle and turn it to desert. The village is overrun by beggars who are displaced farmers from the southern lands who are drying up.


We feel a dark force is drying out the world, coming ever nearer. Over my lifetime I saw it grip my fertile land into sand - Southern Local Farmer


Aya is on a routine maintenance to the temples in the cities on the southern outskirts of Atlantis as part of her magician training at the academy to keep the energy lit so that the Great Drying effect doesn’t come farther North. The Drying is drying out the forests as it has already moved hundred miles in the last several months. The professional Atlantean security forces are preparing for an offensive to establish more forests deep in the desert.


To generate the oasis and draw water up from below with the mind of Gaia and create a basin then plant the seeds, they create and preserve and protect the forests.


You just send us to do your dirty work because they are not good enough leaders to inspire the population to do it themselves. The fact that I do this job is proof that the empire of atlantis is decaying.
– Aya


She complains them that the elder sorcerers use the students at the academy to do their dirty work, and sees the inevitable collapse of the Atlantean empire as the politicians are restoring to ever more daring acts of magic and intimidation as they fight over increasingly scarce resources. She criticises the politics as they are invoking ever escalation of conflict with magic terror on one another as the 10 kingdoms of Atlantis descend into civil war.


Maintaining shrines is like cleaning toilets for Aya, invoking spirits in the shrines because the people are too lazy to maintain them, and even the spirits are staring to become rude and ungrateful because they are in discomfort and cannot sleep because the humans are making too much noise. Aya is frustrated that she will just have to come back next month and do it again as the empire slowly descends into disorder.


The Great Drying of the desert encroaches from the south. Populations of the order of the Upholders of the Light are getting old, dying as poulations of wizards and old sorcerers is dwindling, the new magicians are all after greed and fame and loosing the higher octaves of attainment.


The light in the flame of the temple is filled by the hearts of the students of Thoth. They fill it with their light to maintain the rains and the humidity in the regions using spirit technology vortexes that can be used to invoke the water from under the earth to create water to draw upon, and ecosystems that have a biosphere based on rain water.


The Dark dry spirits haunt the people in the night and sometimes make people disappear altogether, snatchers of the night who lure those into their dry night. The night of mysteries, the cactus of the dark mysteries.


If you wait long enough the desert itself will come to life and tell you it’s story.


On a mission with thoth, Aya joins an advanced mission and go see nephilim from the Book of Enoch, remnants from the Age of the Watchers. Thoth instructs Aya to go on a field trip and watch their magic as they hunt the nephiliem. They are scored at the professional academy by tricking the Nephilim to kill themselves and eachother by true karmic acts of rage and dispair. The laws of karma must be followed perfectly as to not interfere, otherwise the agents can be suspended. Some agents do interfere and are punished, by The Watchers act of the Atlantean federation.


They were sent on these missions by Atlantis security forces, not to fulfill their personal ventetas on the exincting population of Nephilim. Aya does not think it is ethical that the Atlantean wizards use magic to make the nephilim kill eachother, an old practive that goes back to Archangel Michael… age old tradition of killing the Nephilem remotely by means of magic is a right of passage for the solders in the academy. They go out and find a nepheleim and kill them by means of magic remotely and by the laws of the nephelim’s own karma.


 https://journal.phong.com/dream-bardo-20191207/


Aya and the studends of the Academy are installing magic incantations in obscure shinto forest shrines in the mountains, the local people have been spiritually lazy and are not maintaining the temples so they are there to re-invoke the spirits into the shrines. She is bored of the job, and seeks to gain her own power and prestige in scene of popular magicians across the 10 provinces.


The magicians travel in groups on missions illuminated by beams of light and flying flags that represent their tribes, aleigances and acocmplishments. They will sometimes stop and inspect one another’s flags, admire stories or dispute their authenticity. they are high quality high energy high and mighty magic flags that implement light and color and consciousness altering technology that can be tested by other tribes to ensure authenticity of magic lineage. Tribal authentication tests.


On the mission, Aya receives the first call to adventure when she has a run in with another powerful magician who Aya looks up to named Maya. Maya dares Aya to challenge her to an act of mighty magic. It obcesses her mind, Aya projects Maya her as an enemy, and she seeks to prove her power to the popular elder magician that she can perform mighty magic.


She does it out on an adventure to the mountains, she burns her energy out - Aya passes out. Her friends at the academy recover her body. Thoth comes to see her and she thinks he is going to interrogate her - he instead gives her mercy and a harsh teaching about karma and a scolding like a kid. 


I taught you better than this. - Thoth


Aya is attempting to re-impress Maya with a new magic spell, their feud continues and Maya makes Aya feel embarrassed, she seeks even more to prove herself. Aya is preparing to face off with Maya when it happens. Aya is on the Island of Unal, preparing to face off with Maya in an act of mighty magic when the fall happens. Thoth comes in his Vimana space ship and picks up his students to stop the childish games, they have to go. The Dweller has disturbed the balance of Earth to prevent a nuclear disaster caused by a political struggle, and a pole shift is happening from a center of Atlantis in order to avert the nuclear strike based on the personal fued between two of the 10 rulers who held the keys to the mighty magic.


Aya and Maya both pack up all of their belongings, tools and artifacts for invoking high magic, and pack them into the Vimana space ship controlled by the mind of Thoth. They prepare to save themselves from the oncoming disaster that is already underway. The earth is rumbling at an invesingly intense pitch and rate, rhythms of earthquakes, vibrational earthquakes, spirits screaming through the earth, futures of earth scorched by nukes that could not come to be. The Dweller is turning the balance of earth to avert nuclear disaster. Better it be to face the pole shift than a world scorched again by radioactive fire. The fall of Atlantis is total as it’s consumed in a 2 mile tidal wave that hits, causes massive implosion in the city as it descends into the crust of the earth, and water splashes in from the ocean to sink atlantis then it is thrust up in the mountains.


Thoth guides them over the landscape in a prolonged sequence as the pole shift happens beneath them. It is a very emotional experience for Aya and Maya to see their beloved earth being destroyed by 2 mile high tsunamis and  earthquakes that completely disrupted the surface of the earth, and destroy Atlantis and the 10 provinces. The emanation of the final implosion liquifies the crust of the earth and the quantum wave explosion destroying Atlantis, forming the richat structure.


Aya and the remaining survivors of Atlantis are taken by Thoth to the land of Kem. In the land in Kem they find thousands of barbarian warriors who ware warring amongst themselves in the desert. The children of the run approach them in a team formation while they’re in the middle of a battle, and seek to try and establish a peace deal.


Both tribes who were killing eachother then turn and attempt try to destroy the greater enemy that is Thoth. Thoth uses his mighty magic to freeze the bodies of the barbarians in place as they come to attack. Thoth schools the barbarians as the chilren of atlantis walk amongst them as their bodies are frozen.


They first establish peace with the barbarians, and then  manage to join their tribes and learn their languages and teach them their languages.


Thoth makes their first major project to build the great pyramids with magic from their minds. The magicians are themselves made to cut the stone to practice their high and mightly magic and work with the barbarians to guide the stones into place using vibrational technology guided by their minds. For some time they build the pyramids and he teaches them high and mighty magic, invoking these series of ceremonies as they collect the stones, leading up to a great ceremony in which they activate the pyramid.


After establishing the pyramids, they use the pyramid to astrally travel throughout the universe. The pyramid itself is a large landing port in the physical world using vibrational technology to dock with the astral plane that Thoth guides from beyond, and they enter into a dream world and teach the children of the sun the mysteries from beyond when there was man.


Thoth guides them on a series of dream adventures inside the pyramid that is the contents of the Emerald Tablets. In that world they do light magic work at a very high octave that protects the earth for an entire cycle. The work they do in the dreamtime protects the future of man, until the end of the cycle, when the prophecy unfolds in a future lifetime (Book 8).


Characters
Aya
Aya’s father is a humble inventor who works in the high levels of magic in Atlantis. He creates magic inventions and taught her the mysteries at a young age. Taught her who Thoth is, and enrolled her in Thoth’s school of magic, where she passed an extraordinary series of tests to demonstrate the core sentength of her energy body that proves she is formed by the blade of the gods.


Aya as a warrior bodhisattva in the land of Kem.
  



Character Arc
Aya transforms from a power hungry magician at the beginning into entering the path to become a bodhisattva at the end by having repeated hard won mystical experiences that shows her the truth of the worlds beyond time as shown by Thoth.


At first in Atlantis she sees herself as great and wanting to be recognized for that, and seeking power.


Later in life while establishing the Children of Kem, she sees herself as way higher than the barbarians of Kem.


Aya transforms from a power hungry magician into a spiritual warrior who increments herself towards having unconditional love for the human race and see them as children to protect from darkness rather than savage barbarians who deserve the dark fate of their own creation. As Aya civilizes the children of Kem they become lovable by her and she learns to accept them and see them as children that are sometimes frightening in their power and rage.


Raise I them, the children of Kem to light beyond the dark state in which I found them.


By the end Aya becomes a stream entering bodhisattva and takes the vow to serve the flower in the heart of the earth until her day comes to leave this cycle. The fingers of death find her. She knows her story is over. Thoth has already left and a new generation of magicians are proving to be strong in maintaining the amduat mysteries.


She commits again to enter the earth plane even though she looses everything by the grip of death to return the balance. She does the death excercise in the Emerald Tablets to eject from her body, and you see Aya in the astral world looking for hew new body, in the bardo end of the book. Credits in the bardo. A life well lived.


Foreshadowing
In the conclusion of the book, Aya makes the decision to stay on earth and follow in Thoth’s steps as an alchemist and that later serves as the stream entry to becoming a bodhisattva. She Book 03-04 she fullfills this path as a bodhisattva and begins the great dreamweave that is the higher order of time navigation required to weave together a civilization that dissolves into a higher order human form. They have been trying in different ways throughout time and they keep getting closer then they they wipe out the civilizations again to try and get it right.


Maya
Maya’s parents are high level generals in the Atlantean army, and Maya feels like she is the heir to the empire military magic forces. Maya is a strong warrior, magician and wizard with a silver spoon, though her blind spot is her narcicism and making life and death decisions from emotional reaction rather than from empathy, wisdom and higher understanding.


Character Arc
So Maya continually does things that lead to her downfall. She is three steps forward, two steps back, though ever steadily increasing towards the goal which is eventually futile because she becomes lonely. Maya is always dealing with her cognitive dissonance in ther thought bubbles.


Thoth
Sent on a mission from The Dweller to save from the ashes of the knowledge of Atlantis so that knowledge in preserved until the mysteries are established. Then his work is done and he can return whence he came, after the myseries have been established